efe esteban points 08 with excitement as all été that evokes gasoline
was chosen by the Brazilian newspaper fiscina for evaluation of the repairer
the vehicle evaluated network 2003 and has 55 thousand kilometers rotated
the evaluation was carried out in the offensive only the farmhouse of the mechanical engineer
Júlio César de Souza
the owner of the fiesta complained that the car had a lack of power smell of
fuel in noise in the hydraulic
the owner says he bought the vehicle a year and a half ago with
approximately 42 thousand kilometers and since then has made small interventions
preventive measures such as oil
and other candles it breaks from cooling beyond replacement
of the shock absorbers and more recently the brake pads
kutcher that lisi started with the analysis of each month
which demonstrated the need for verification of ignition systems
and injection
because the vehicle presented emission rates that were outside the ideal standards
sales showed signs of wear and were replaced
already the injection valves had to be equalized because they presented
any difference of up to 5 ml in the flow test
after cleaning the nozzles the difference fell to 2 ml
the ministers and other wires running rings were also changed
with these interventions have been solved problems of lack of
power in addition to improving the emission of gases eight brothers
in relation to the street
vonn
Paulo
to solve the problem of the smell of fuel inside the car
the mechanics replaced the pump access cover sealing ring
which was boring of the irc charge allowing the evaporation of gasoline
all other items in the sheik listing were approved and did not require
exchange or repair the mechanics of the editorial board of the newspaper workshops
Brazil
gave an average rating of 7 for the model
they say that the car is easy mechanic but has some items and
as front suspension and motor coaching